this is for my babies hey guys it's
tanza and I am fear with another makeup
tutorial now this one is on how it's
like an everyday look is highlighting
and contouring play full-face makeup
look with no color for real so if you
guys are interested stay tuned and we'll
get started first thing I'm going to do
is start with putting on my concealer
I've already put on my foundation and
again I'm going to do a separate video
showing foundations for info on then but
since this is basically on highlighting
and contouring that is what I'm focusing
on so I'm just lending out my highlight
now with highlighting that's what you
want to bring forward bring attention to
a contour and that's what you want to
push back and that's how you get the
chisels look in your face so I'm just
going over under my eyes my nose
forehead chin above my lip for my
highlight and blending out with a Beauty
Blender never just gonna highlight
further with my highlighter pen by
Nouriel we're just going to go under my
eyes and over the most people's bills
online
and down the very tip of a bridge of my
nose very lightly and then again wind it
out which committee blender a bomb like
pretty slow
Wow now I'm gonna set all of that
highlights I'm gonna set it with my mac
blotting powder in them and that's just
going to keep it so that it stays I have
oily skin it'll just set it so it
doesn't move and doesn't get oily
throughout the day now right at the top
of my cheekbone I just apply a bronzer
and that's just going to give me a very
nice shimmer now for the contouring
contouring like I said that's what you
want to define and push back this is
going to bring out cheekbones hi there
somewhere under there I have really fat
cheese so this helps to push out the
cheekbones also gives me a nice jaw line
and it'll also if you want to even put
it at your forehead and it just kind of
chiseled out your face it gives it some
definition because putting foundation on
it gives you a flat world this just
brings life to your face now I'm going
to take that same Anastasia contour kit
and use one of the lighter colors to
just brush across the majority of my lid
nothing fancy just getting up there and
just want to highlight your lids
for the next step which is going to be
the medium brown then I'm just going to
start right by my nose is sweep across
my lids to give my eyes a larger look
this is more like a transition color so
it's just going to help to lift my
eyebrows as you see we have a lighter
color right hand me my eyebrows I'm just
going to give you an instant eyebrow
lift and then we're going to take a
darker Browns and just contour right in
the crease in the corner of your eye and
see how it gives that almond shape and
we haven't used any colors whatsoever
this is a very natural everyday catalyst
now I'm taking one of my favorite
palettes bicep or it has neutral colors
in it and we're going to use that in
order to do a smoked out look to the
bottles of your lashes because this part
of defining the eyes with this look is
all about the eyes they're drawing
attention to the eyes and this is just
going to help to open the eye up it
makes them look really bright most not
using any black liner I'm gonna just
that same as well brown powder skis me
on the top of my lid to give that smoke
defect now right in the inner corner by
your tear ducts we're going to use this
cream code that has a slight shimmer to
it what that does is it makes you look
your eyes right and more awake I love
this technique with any practically any
I look that I'm doing
now I'm just going to put on a little
mascara I'm not going to do any lashes
because again this is an everyday look
but just use a really great mascara and
this one in particular is by your favor
stilettos now I'm just going to set the
whole book with the Make Up For Ever HD
pressed powder and blend everything
together
last step is lips and we're just going
to use the nude color bear it all by wet
and wild my favorite new lipstick at
least my favorite store brand here's the
finished makeup look and next is hair if
you want to see information on this unit
by instant fab at sams beauty com check
out my next video see you guys later bye